{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9 STUDENT RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
\par
Report\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
29/8/23\par
Punith S\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Table of Contents\par
1. INTRODUCTION.....................................................................................................................................................1\par
1.1 PURPOSE...............................................................................................................................................................1\par
1.2 SCOPE....................................................................................................................................................................1\par
1.3 DEFINITIONS, ACRONYMS, AND ABBREVIATIONS................................................................................................1\par
1.4 REFERENCES.........................................................................................................................................................1\par
1.5 OVERVIEW\par
2. GENERAL DESCRIPTION....................................................................................................................................2\par
2.1 PRODUCT PERSPECTIVE........................................................................................................................................2\par
2.2 PRODUCT FUNCTIONS...........................................................................................................................................2\par
2.3 USER CHARACTERISTICS......................................................................................................................................2\par
2.4 GENERAL CONSTRAINTS.......................................................................................................................................2\par
2.5 ASSUMPTIONS AND DEPENDENCIES......................................................................................................................3\par
3. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS................................................................................................................................2\par
3.1 EXTERNAL INTERFACE REQUIREMENTS...............................................................................................................3\par
3.1.1 User Interfaces.............................................................................................................................................3\par
3.1.2 Hardware Interfaces....................................................................................................................................4\par
3.1.3 Software Interfaces......................................................................................................................................4\par
3.1.4 Communications Interfaces..........................................................................................................................4\par
3.2 FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS...............................................................................................................................4\par
3.3 OTHER REQUIREMENTS........................................................................................................................................4\par
4. ANALYSIS MODELS..............................................................................................................................................5\par
4.1 FLOW CHART........................................................................................................................................................5\par
4.2. MODULE DESCRIPTION........................................................................................................................................5\par
STUDENT  RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
\par
1. Introduction\par
This document aims at defining overall software requirement for ACADEMIC RESULT\par
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .Efforts have been made to define the requirements\par
exhaustively and accurately. The final product will be having only\par
features/functionalities mentioned in this document and assumptions for any\par
additional functionality/feature should not be made by any of the parties involved\par
in developing/testing/implementing /using this product .\par
1.1 Purpose\par
This specification document describes the capabilities that will be provided by the\par
software application STUDENT RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .It also states the\par
various constraints by which the system will abide. The intended audience for this\par
document are the development team, testing team and end users of the product.\par
1.2 Scope\par
The application will manage the information about various students enrolled in this\par
course in different years, the subjects offered during different semesters of the course, the\par
marks obtained by the various students in various subjects in different semesters.\par
The application will greatly simplify and speed up the result preparation and management\par
process.\par
1.3 Definitions, Acronyms, and Abbreviations\par
SRSSoftware\par
Requirement Specification\par
IEEEThe\par
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers\par
DFDData\par
Flow Diagram\par
DBDatabase\par
OSOperating\par
System\par
1.4 References\par
IEEE 8301998\par
standard for writing SRS document.\par
Wikipedia\par
Software engineering by KK Agrawal\par
Software engineering by Roger S. Pressman\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
1.5 Overview\par
Student\rquote s information is stored in mysql the authority is given to Administrator; he gives\par
the permission to instructor to enter the department data and student information. The\par
security is providing by giving password to each instructor..\par
2. General Description\par
This section of the SRS should describe the general factors that affect 'the product and its\par
requirements. It should be made clear that this section does not state specific\par
requirements; it only makes those requirements easier to understand.\par
2.1 Product Perspective\par
The application will be windows based, selfcontained\par
and independent software product.\par
Backend\par
DB\par
2.2 Product Functions\par
1) Information about the various Users\par
2) Information about subjects offered in various semesters\par
3) Marks obtain by Students in different semesters\par
4) Generation of Reports\par
2.3 User Characteristics\par
This subsection of the SRS should describe those general characteristics of the eventual\par
users of the product that will affect the specific requirements. (See the IEEE Guide to\par
SRS for more details).\par
2.4 General Constraints\par
Users at university will have to implement a security policy to safeguard the\par
marks related information being modified by unauthorized users (by means of\par
gaining access to the backend database)\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
Front end client Application\par
(with\par
data/entry/update/delete/view\par
and reporting facility)\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
2.5 Assumptions and Dependencies\par
1) The number of subjects to be taken by the student in each semester does not change.\par
2) The subject types do not change.\par
3) The number of semester do not change.\par
4) The users have sufficient knowledge of computers.\par
5) The users know the English language, as the user interface will be provided in\par
English.\par
3. Specific Requirements\par
This section contains the software requirements to a level of detail sufficient to enable\par
designers to design the system and testers to test that system.\par
3.1 External Interface Requirements\par
3.1.1 User Interfaces\par
The following screens will be provided:\par
Login screen: This will be the first screen that will be displayed. It allows user to access\par
different screens based upon the user role. Various fields available on this screen will be\par
User id: alphanumeric of length up to 10char.\par
Password: alphanumeric of length up to 10char\par
Role: Will have the following\par
Values: Administrator, Data entry Operator , student , teacher\par
2) Subject info Parameter Screen:\par
This screen will be accessible only to the Administrator. It will allow the user to enter the\par
semester number for which the user wants to access the subject information.\par
3) Student info Parameter Screen:\par
This screen will be accessible only to the Administrator. It will allow the user to enter the\par
Batch Year for which the user wants to access the student information.\par
4) Student Information Screen: This screen will be accessible only to the Administrator.\par
It will allow the user to modify the information about new/existing student for particular\par
batch year. Various fields available on these screen are:\par
Student Enrollment No: of the format B.E/YYYY where YYYY represents the batch year\par
Student Name: only alphabetic letters and length up to 40 chars.\par
Batch Year: of the format YYYY\par
5) Marks Entry Parameter Screen: This screen will be accessible only to the Teacher. It\par
will allow the user to enter the Batch Year, the semester number and the subject for\par
which the user wants to access the marks information.\par
6) Marks entry screen: Screen: This screen will be accessible only to the Teacher. It will\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
allow the user to add/modify/delete information about the marks obtained in the selected\par
subject by different students. It includes Student enrollment no, student name, internal\par
marks, external marks, total marks.\par
3.1.2 Hardware Interfaces\par
1) Intel p4 processor with minimum 2GHz speed.\par
2) RAM: Minimum 1GB\par
3) Hard Disk: min 20GB\par
3.1.3 Software Interfaces\par
1) Turbo C++\par
2) DB Server: SQL SERVER 2008\par
3) OS: Window Vista/XP/7/8/10\par
3.2 Functional Requirements\par
Depending upon the user role he/she will be able to access only the specific modules of\par
the system.\par
1) Login facility for enabling only authorized access to the system\par
2) User (with role Data Entry operator) will be able to modify /add/delete information\par
about different students that are enrolled for the course in different years .\par
3.3 Other Requirements\par
NONFUNCTIONAL\par
REQUIREMENT\par
1 .Safety Requirements\par
The database may get crashed at any certain time due to virus or operating system\par
failure. Therefore, it is required to take the database backup\par
2. Security Requirements\par
We are going to develop a secured database for the university .Depending upon the\par
category of user the access rights are decided. It means if the user is an administrator then\par
he can be able to modify the data, delete, append etc. All other users other than staff only\par
have the rights to retrieve the information about database.\par
3. Hardware Constraints\par
The system requires a database in order to store persistent data. The database should\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
have backup capabilities\par
DB Requirement\par
The following information will be placed in DB:\par
1) Subject info: Subject Name, Code, Semester\par
2) Student Info: Student Enrolment Number, Student name, enrollment year.\par
3) Marks info: Student Enrolment , Semester, internal marks in each subject, external\par
marks in each subject\par
4) User Account Info: UserName, User Id, password, role\par
4. Analysis Models\par
4.1 Flow Chart\par
Context diagramSoftware\par
Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
LEVEL1\par
DFD\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
LEVEL 2\par
DFD\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
USE CASE DIAGRAM\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
Software Requirements Specification\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
USE CASE DIAGRAM\par
Software Requirements Specification Page\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
ER DIAGRAM\par
Software Requirements Specification Page\par
ACADEMIC RESULT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM\par
Software Requirements Specification Page\par
\par
}
 